Welcome to our program.
To begin, here are a few updates about our relief efforts following a number of major
disasters that have affected our brothers and sisters.
In early January 2025, wildfires erupted in Southern California, United States, and displaced
over 1,100 publishers.
As of January 23, the wildfires have destroyed 91 homes of our brothers and damaged 48
more.
A disaster relief committee has been appointed to coordinate the relief efforts, and local
elders and circuit overseers are shepherding those affected and assisting with practical
needs.
In recent months, Cuba has faced not only hurricanes, but also earthquakes.
These disasters damaged or destroyed nearly 500 homes of our brothers.
The Cuba branch has appointed disaster relief committees to coordinate the response.
The brothers are providing humanitarian aid and needed items, as well as repairing homes.
On the island of Mayot, located off the coast of eastern Africa, there are some 130 publishers.
These brothers and sisters have been dealing with various crises, including water shortages,
inflation, and unrest.
Then, in December 2024, Cyclone Chido struck the island, damaging roads, power lines,
and communications.
The Cyclone also damaged or destroyed 36 homes of our brothers, and heavily damaged the
two kingdom halls on the island.
The France branch is coordinating relief efforts.
On December 26, a team of eight brothers and sisters, including the circuit overseer
and a witness doctor, arrived in Mayot, with essential supplies for our brothers.
Sadly, though, on January 13, 2025, Mayot was struck again, this time by a tropical
storm.
Mozambique was also affected by Cyclone Chido in December.
The Cyclone damaged or destroyed 28 homes of our brothers, as well as two of our meeting
places.
At the same time, various parts of the country have been facing severe droughts and unrest.
Please continue to pray for our brothers and sisters in these areas and many other places
as they contend with various disasters.
We appreciate the hard work of the local branches, as well as all of you dear brothers and sisters
who are supporting the relief efforts.
Thank you for your generous donations to the World Wide Work, which allow us to help
our brothers and sisters during these times of need.
On December 6, 2024, a court in Russia sentenced four of our sisters to forced labor for
extremist behavior.
What was this so-called extremist behavior?
Peacefully meeting together to discuss the Bible.
These sisters were all given sentences of more than two years.
They are, however, appealing the decision.
These sentences are the culmination of over six years of criminal prosecution of these
Christian families.
The husbands of three of these sisters are already serving unjust prison sentences.
On December 18, 2024, in Turkmenistan, 21-year-old brother Arslan Vepayev was sentenced to two
years in prison because of his personal consciences objection to military service.
On January 8, 2025, an appeals court of held Arslan's criminal conviction but amended
his sentence to two years of correctional labor.
Yes, we're pleased to inform you that Arslan was released from prison and welcomed home
by his family.
In Eritrea, you'll recall that 23 brothers and sisters were arrested while meeting together
in September 2024.
This included Sister Misa and Gabriel Jesus, who was 82 years old.
We are pleased to inform you that on January 15, 2025, Sister Misa was released from prison.
She's now receiving the medical care she needs.
As reported in our last update, Sister Saurang Geburu was released from prison on December
7, 2024.
We're happy to report that she's since given birth and she and her daughter are doing well.
Please continue to pray for these dear brothers and sisters as well as the over 235 others
around the world who are currently imprisoned for their faith.
Despite disasters and persecution, Jehovah's organization continues to move forward.
It's a second Timothy 4.5 says, you though, keep your senses in all things.
Endure hardship.
Do the work of an evangelizer fully accomplish your ministry.
Paul's words to Timothy encourage us to endure the hardships of the last days, but we
remain focused on fully accomplishing our ministry.
With this in mind, here are a few recent initiatives that help us to do just that.
Around the world, classes of the 2025 Kingdom Ministry School are being held.
This school provides further training to circuit overseers, elders, and ministerial servants.
The objective of the school is to enhance the brothers' abilities as shepherds and help
them further imitate Jehovah in caring for the congregation.
As a special feature of this year's school, the baptized wives of elders and ministerial
servants have been invited to attend the final two talks along with their husbands.
Another blessing for Jehovah's people is a new series of seminars designed to train
hospital information departments located branch offices around the world.
In turn, these branch offices will provide training to their local hospital liaison committees.
The seminar will help these brothers become even more skillful in providing comfort and
in assisting brothers and sisters to obtain high quality medical care when facing issues
involving blood.
We're grateful for the hard work of more than 50,000 brothers Earthwide who serve on hospital
liaison committees or patient visitation groups.
One thing we can all enjoy is a recent enhancement to our JW Library app.
This enhancement will make it easier to use the study-paying features in the Bible.
How does it work?
Let's watch.
In a recent update to JW Library, some new features were added to help with doing research
in the Bible.
For example, in Luke chapter 2, the study-paying initially shows all the study content for
the entire chapter.
This is good for getting an overview of everything that is available for a chapter.
If you want to focus on a single verse, tap on the verse, then tap the gem button to see
study content for that verse.
The study-paying displays your own personal notes first, followed by the study Bible notes
and pictures, video excerpts, then the marginal references and footnotes.
Additionally, the research guide references are listed individually.
This gives an overview of the available references, which can be useful when you already know
the type of information you're looking for.
Is it a point from one of the article series, or personal application from a watchtower
study article, or perhaps information from insight on the scriptures?
The research guide includes references all the way back to 1986.
So whenever you do research, start with the most recent references to ensure that you
have up to date and accurate information.
Use the study-paying to enhance your personal Bible reading and to help you prepare to
comment at meetings.
We're grateful for these helpful study tools and for the many ways that Jehovah is helping
us fully accomplish our ministry.
Another excellent tool we have is the brochure Love People Make Disciples.
This brochure has helped us become more effective in the ministry.
It teaches us how to show personal interest in others and to be adaptable, which can
help us to start conversations.
Why is learning how to start a conversation so important?
Because we want so much to help people to become disciples of our Lord Jesus Christ.
We want to teach them about our wonderful God, Jehovah.
But with our new approach, have you ever felt that you just aren't sure what you should
say to begin a conversation?
Maybe there's even more the case when we're going door to door.
What can help us to have something meaningful to say?
The Love People brochure has an excellent appendix called Truths We Love to Teach.
These are the basic truths that we all know and love.
For example, God has a name.
God cares about your suffering and our dead loved ones will be resurrected.
How can we use these truths to start conversations?
Note what the appendix mentions.
It says, try introducing a truth by asking, did you know that or have you ever heard that
then use the related scriptures to explain that truth?
So how would you do that?
Well, here's an example.
In some places, after introducing ourselves, we could open up a conversation by saying to
a person at the door, have you ever heard that God has a name and then share the scriptures
listed under the truth that we love to teach?
So that's the basic method we could use.
But of course, we need to consider the person we're speaking to and then choose the truth
that we think would most interest them.
The appendix lists 34 of these truths we love to teach.
To be effective, I think you'd agree that we need to spend time learning each of these
truths and the scriptures that support them.
If we have them well in mind, then we're well prepared with something meaningful from
the Bible to share with all those who we meet.
So how might we work at learning these truths?
Perhaps we can make it a family project.
After all, our children need to learn these truths, too.
That way they can learn to defend their faith.
Would you like to see how a family might do this?
Very good.
You remember the scripture from last week.
Okay.
Our goal is to learn all of these.
So let's add another truth we love to teach.
Which scriptures show that God has a name?
Ophelia?
Psalm 83.
That's okay.
You can use the brochure.
Look here under the heading, God.
18.
I know Psalm 83, 18.
Yeah, very good.
Now what does it say?
May people know that you, whose name is Jehovah,
you alone are the most high over all the earth.
Excellent.
You did very well in emphasizing the key points from that scripture.
Alba?
There's also Jeremiah 10, 10.
Very good.
What's the key phrase from that verse that teaches us the truth?
It says, Jehovah is truly God.
You got it.
Now girls, how can we use these scriptures
to teach this truth?
God has a name.
Alba, what are you thinking?
I could ask the person,
have you ever heard that God has a name?
That's perfect.
And then what could you do?
I could show them Psalm 83, 18.
Great job.
You girls are doing so well at learning the truth
that we love to teach and the scriptures that go with them.
I think all of us, young and not so young,
would enjoy that.
Why not try it one more together with our friends?
The point is, the more we can learn these truths
and practice using them,
the more effective we'll be in starting simple conversations
and teaching Bible truths.
Something else we can do to prepare for the ministry
is highlighted in lesson one of the love people brochure.
Point three encourages us to think about what's on the minds
of people in the community.
For example, we could ask ourselves,
what is in the news?
Or what are my neighbors, coworkers, or classmates
talking about?
Then we can ask ourselves,
which one of these truths would fit that situation?
Being adaptable, we imitate the Apostle Paul's approach
to the ministry.
You'll recall that at 1 Corinthians chapter 9,
verses 22 and 23, he said,
I have become all things to people of all sorts
so that I might, by all possible means, save some.
But I do all things for the sake of the good news
in order to share it with others.
And that's our goal too,
to start conversations with people using topics
that will interest them.
In that way, we become all things to people of all sorts
so that we might, by all possible means, save some.
May Jehovah continue to bless all of us
as we support one another
and we work shoulder to shoulder in his service.
Dear brothers and sisters, we love you all very much.
From the World Headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses,
this is J.W. Broadcasting.